













1. What is HTML? What is CSS? What is Javascript?

1. HTML is a markup language that browsers understand
   It's used to display the data and screen to the end user in the browser

   CSS is used to format and display the style of the browser screen

   Javascript is a client side scripting language used by the browser for
   enhanced display and input functionality


2. What are the major parts of an HTTP request?

2. HTTP Request
   The major parts of a HTTP request are the verbs, URL and parameters


3. What are the major parts of an HTTP response?

3. HTTP Response
   The major parts of a HTTP response are the status code and payload


4. How do you submit an HTTP POST request, with a "username" attribute set to "bob"? What if we wanted a GET request instead?

4. A HTTP Post request is submitted via a form in HTML. The method in the 
   form is set to POST. The input name attribute is set to the variable name. The 
   variable name will be set to the input value of the form.

   To use a Get request, the method should be set to GET in the form.

5. Why is it important for us, as web developers, to understand that HTTP is a "stateless" protocol?

5. It is important to understand that HTTP is a stateless protocol so that we know
   we should reconstruct the state of the application when handling each http verb.
   We cannot make assumptions about objects and variables being saved across http
   interactions with the user.

6. If the internet is just HTTP requests/responses, why do we only use browsers to interface with web applications? Are there any other options?

6. A browser will handle all errors redirections etc. There are some other options
   eg basic http clients that will not handle redirections etc.

7. What is MVC, and why is it important?

7. MVC is the model view controller. It is the design model used by Web Apps when
   handling and processing http requests.


Sinatra

1. At a high level, how are requests processed?

1. In Sinatra requests are processed using a controller. The controller handles specific routes and
   http request verbs. Processing usually involves handling some data and rendering some output.

2. In the controller/action, what's the difference between rendering and redirecting?

2. Rendering is used to display some output and return control back to the client
   Redirecting gives control to another route in the controller 

3. In the ERB view template, how do you show dynamic content?

3. Dynamic content is shown with embedded ruby using a special direction %= in the html. Dynamic
   content will display some kind of variable.

4. Given what you know about ERB templates, when do you suppose the ERB template is turned into HTML?

   ERB template is turned into HTML at runtime when it is invoked

5. What's the role of instance variables in Sinatra?

	 Instance variables are used to pass data between the MVC components in Sinatra





